Feat: Add --path Option to Target Specific Schema Parts in validate Command (#220)
sourcemeta/jsonschema: docs/validate.markdown

Reviewer: Can you mention `--path` in the command signature at the top of this file? And also in the help section in `main.cc`

  --resolve path/to/external.json
```

> ### Validate a JSON instance against a sub-schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate a JSON instance against a specific part of the schema given a JSON Pointer
```

Just to make it more explicit?

Author: Sure
